---
title: How learning could be improved in corporate environment?
date: "2020-05-06T23:46:37.121Z"
---

In a fast-changing world, it has become imperative to embrace the idea of lifelong learning for the members of corporate world. Not only it brings a good ROI in the long term, but also helps to actually grow employees and increase work satisfaction. Having interned in various organizations, I had a unique opportunity to explore different corporate cultures. The most common phenomenon I observed was the eagerness of employees to learn new things or especially, practice their English. It got me thinking about the ways that learning could be improved in corporate environment and analyze it through the case of English language acquisition.

If anyone knows anything about Korean society, they surely understand the deep desire to learn English. Whether it is a kindergarten student or an executive in a big company, they strive to get better in English through "each" opportunity. If you are an obvious foreigner, unlike me, living in Korea, you must have been approached at least once by someone trying to practice their lingual skills. I will not get into details how much on average Koreans spend on "native" speakers' lessons, but you get my point. English language is profoundly important in Korea.

Yet, there seems to be a missing piece in a way that people approach learning a language or corporate education in general. In each organization I interned, most of my co-workers saw me as an opportunity to practice their English. It has even become a popular company perk to offer free English classes within the company or cover the expenses for the courses and books for those who intend on improving their English on their own. Specifically, talking to one of my friends who works at one of the conglomerates in Korea, I found out that she is required to submit a test score after she receives such benefit from her company. It is a good way to track if employees got the intended benefit, but she had previously taken the same exam several times. In fact, TOEIC is the most required test score for all job seekers in Korea and she had taken it and got a high score to be hired. This got me thinking, would not there be a better way to cater for lingual skills of employees? Or in general, a better way to acquire and retain any knowledge?

I, myself, am not a native speaker nor did I go to an international schools before college. Most of my learning happened individually, in my home country Uzbekistan, where English is not commonly spoken. It was impossible to find a foreign teacher which in turn allowed me to explore ways in which language could be learned "remotely" and on my own. I will pivot on that experience in making my analysis of Korean way of approaching English:

1. First, too much focus is given on grammar and being correct at all times. Numerous times I have talked with people and tried to explain why grammar is not important especially at the beginning. There is no way to acquire a language by always following rigid rules of grammar. Making a mistake and being corrected actually stays in a memory for a long time which is what most people are afraid of.

2. Second, a mere test score does not accurately evaluate one's lingual skills. Most of the co-workers I have met had received high scores and yet had so much room to improve, so to speak. Most would tell me they studied really hard for the test and then forgot it all after taking it. Taking a test could be a good experience of objectively assessing one's skills, but it should not be viewed in isolation.

3. Last, and most importantly, the retention of knowledge is more important rather than just acquisition. People start learning English from a young age both in and out of school. So, it is safe to say that so much is acquired but a little is retained. This, in fact, could be linked to not just lingual skills but any other knowledge that employees need to possess to perform their tasks. Knowledge is not a power, it is a potential power.


While first two points made above are pretty common, I will focus on the last one for the rest of this piece as it is especially critical from the perspective employee growth. We focus so much in **acquiring** the knowledge, but a little is given to the way we **measure**, **evaluate** and **retain** it. Corporate environment is at more risk of wasting resources since the results must be quantifiable and numbers is the only language the executives speak. But when it comes to employees' competency, whether it is lingual skills or others, it is difficult to put a number on their abilities. Test scores have been used heretofore, yet, as mentioned above, it is not the most effective means. On top of that, how do we make sure that employees retain the knowledge? Let us delve more into it.

Every leader wants their employees to grow and hence grow the company. So, a lot of resources are poured into courses and training. Human Resource Development (HRD) teams are in constant search to find and bring new and useful to coworkers. So, we know that a lot is being done to **acquire** the knowledge. But, how do we measure it? Use a knowledge-meter? And how do we **evaluate** it without testing them and how will they **retain** it? These are some of the most age-long intriguing questions in the world of education and I don't know the answer. But, in the corporate context of growing employees, I will try to explore a different approach in this matter.

To better measure and evaluate knowledge of employees, projects and presentations stand better than tests. Once employees have completed a particular course, why not involve them in a project, which may or may not bring immediate profit, that requires the skillset newly acquired? I personally remember more projects I have done rather than tests I have taken from school years. The result of the projects should be presented to the management and such projects held more often. It is also a good idea to hold regular "knowledge-exchange" nights where employees "open-mindedly" share what they learned with each other. Not only it will make them smarter, but also more closer and thus happier. It may require more resources than usual to bring such change in the culture, but if we want to see a company as a close-knit community and not just as a group of people trying to make money, it is definitely worth it. In the context of English, instead of merely paying for the courses and then requiring a test result, why not have employees work together and present their reports in English? Learning should be fun, so why not have them put together an entertaining piece like show where they act out? I personally found such activities useful learning new languages because experiences stay longer than memorization.

Further, not many organizations have a system in place to keep a record of skillsets that employees possess. While there are quite attractive pieces of resume where applicants listed their skills, once recruited, the freshers are viewed to be completely "unprepared" to contribute and thus needed to be re-educated at company standards. It is like when Doctor Strange is told to "forget everything you think you know" walking into the temple in Kathmandu. It is true that new employees need training before they start work, but it should be viewed more as adaptation after which they could apply their knowledge and skillset to a task at hand. More should be invested into capturing and keeping the record of their skillset before and during their employment so as to increase efficiency and effectiveness.

Knowledge is a journey, not a destination. In fact, our brain works by creating a new neuron of a knowledge and linking it up with other neurons. The more the connections, the better we know and remember it. And therefore, for us to grow as individuals and as an organization, we should focus on "knowledging" ourselves more holistically. And we can do that by looking at it systematically, that is: acquire, measure, evaluate and retain (AMER). Corporate world is especially at stake with AI and robotization coming more deeply into the job market. To stay competitive, companies will need to keep their employees better than machines of competitors. It does entail ethical dilemma if they should be treated equally in the workforce, but that is a topic for another time. Cheers!